Call out the potential need to repair HACS when upgrading HA (#28790)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_includes/installation/container/alternative.md

- Wait until the system-message/-notification comes up, that the download is finished (there is no progress bar)
- Move to "Container"-section
- Stop your container if it's running

> - Right-click on it and select "Action"->"Reset". You won't lose any data, as all files are stored in your configuration-directory. (You may need to repair certain integration by re-download them, e.g. [HACS](https://hacs.xyz/docs/setup/download/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Right-click on it and select "Action"->"Reset". You won't lose any data, as all files are stored in your configuration directory. You may need to repair certain integrations by re-downloading them.  For example, [HACS](https://hacs.xyz/docs/setup/download/).
```
